feat: changesets docs (#198)
getnacelle/nacelle-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

To make the process as easy as possible we've created a Pull Request Template that will be added to your PR when you create it. Be sure to fill out all the required fields with as much detail and context as possible.

#### Changesets

> Versioning is handled by [Changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets). Packages contributors are expected to add changeset by running `npm run changesets` on the root and chose the appropriate bump and write some markdowns which will be added to the changelogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versioning is handled by [Changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets). Packages contributors are expected to add a changeset by running `npm run changesets` in the project's root, choose the appropriate bump and write some markdowns which will be added to the changelogs.
```
